Docs: TMC Home page (#165)
terramate-io/terramate-docs: cloud/home/index.md

---
title: Home | Terramate Cloud
description: Learn about the Home page of the Terramate Cloud dashboard
---

# Home Page

The Home page provides a summary of your engagements in Terramate Cloud, including:

- **Alerts**: Open alerts assigned to you.
- **Pull Requests**: Open pull requests authored by you.

> - **Deployments**: Deployments in which you collaborated.

Reviewer: For deployments, maybe we can use the same title as the table above: `Deployments you collaborated on.`

Only a suggestion from my side.

Author: thanks @SavanovicN , I've applied this suggestion to change the headings of the sections which follows this section. In this section, the point is to inform the reader about the key things which they can read in the Home screen.

![Home Page](../assets/home_tmc.png "Home Page")

## Alerts

The Alerts list displays details of alerts assigned to you, following the same layout as the [Alerts dashboard](../alerts/index.md).

## Pull Requests

The Pull Requests list shows [pull requests](../previews/index.md) you authored in repositories associated with your Terramate Cloud organization.

## Deployments

> The Deployments list presents deployments where you contributed by pushing commits. The list shows:

Reviewer 2: The relation on contributions is different. 
```suggestion
The Deployments list presents deployments where you contributed by creating or reviewing the related pull request or triggering the deployment. The list shows:
```
Please rephrase it the best way you think of.

Author: thanks @sixstone-qq for the more correct description.

- **Status**: The current state of each deployment.

> - **Triggering Pull Request and Metadata**: Displays the pull request that initiated the deployment, including its title, the author's name, and the branch where it was merged.

Reviewer: Deployment can be triggered by an author or collaborator (not necessarily the same person), which may be worth mentioning. @mariux ?

- **Associated Stack**: The stack linked to the deployment.
- **Associated Repository**: The repository containing the deployment's code.
- **Finished At**: A timestamp indicating how long ago the deployment completed.

> - **Duration**: The total runtime of the deployment.

Reviewer 3: controversial but I think "run time" is more accurate here.
FYI: https://jamesrwilcox.com/runtime.html

but I searched our docs and found that we are using "runtime" and "run time" very inconsistently.
For example:
[here](https://github.com/terramate-io/terramate-docs/blob/8f2d69c07ac5fcf7db346ca0cfa8c8cae6550b22/cli/stacks/nesting.md?plain=1#L61) and [here](https://github.com/terramate-io/terramate-docs/blob/8f2d69c07ac5fcf7db346ca0cfa8c8cae6550b22/cli/stacks/index.md?plain=1#L40)

For me it's odd everytime I read "runtime" to mean the "execution time" (how much time it ran), because runtime has a very niche meaning in compsci.
